the Imam noted that the recent peaceful
conduct of the 2015 presidential
elections called for sabah reflections
and prayers rather an endless
celebration he noted we dismayed that
many have resulted in to attracting the
raft of Allah through their conduct
instead of engaging in Princes to Allah
meanwhile general muhammadu buhari
Manjarrez president-elect has played
host to the people of Yobe State led by
the state government here I'm Geeta we
are here to come and congratulate
general muhammadu buhari on the victory
which imagine the president-elect of the
federal republic of nigeria they also
speculation about I not physically visit
you with you are my campaign I visited
the other 35 states but those who were
following as a relationship knew that in
2007 you we took the Simpson that I
should go and fight for a lucky as well
I don't need to go general body was also
at wedding fatiha of below national era
fight the son of the former minister FCT
natural alpha at the ceremony that took
place at a new box who say to abuja the
general received a bright on behalf of
the National my family after the payment
of the bride-price veteran in marriage
contract were hand to advise a new
couple the elated groom said he is
fulfilled with the phase relationship
resorting into a happy ending in abuja
is my el Moussa entry news